you should know exactly what to do nice
cotton good job good job jump
I think one day out of Boyd a nice cut
attaboy that was the move yep it didn't
and couldn't recognize your voice let me
let me guess yeah and those are those
are screens there yeah got him got him
whew what a boy John that's for what 18
years no one's been able to treat it
bounce it
good job friend nice tackle Brendan Oh
Scott
I would stick good stick there oh no
alright sounds good bye let's go katako
ball Oh guys got it boy beauty it's okay
good job there we go that's it yep hey
that nature's and sounds like a winner
oh good job it's a good run good job
like all right I got him good neuron all
right here we go
oh oh good run there good run nice
blocking the queue with a nice block and
why we're talking of mchugh little
shout-out to Grandpa Tony down there in
Carolina I got a job that's a big
holding at West good cut Oh blue cheese
well that happens person
oh I was a dick that was a stick oh I
like that no he's with a nice coverage
that's what you wanted yeah yeah it's
like come on wrap them up Oh stuff it
nice hi boy good job yeah like a flare
or something it's coming why oh that's
pretty I'll get him get him get him get
him get him oh we got him we got to be
helping
please aunt made it hey don't I stand up
sweep right hands thing right especially
because they go through yeah that's it
just jump on smart attaboy salary yeah
there's I'll go baby go good run good
luck yeah tough running